Write clear rules on descriptive and obvious names in the contribution guidelines (#56872)
tgstation/tgstation: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

```
The `SHOULD_CALL_PARENT(TRUE)` lint should be added to ensure that overrides/child procs call the parent chain and ensure the signal is sent.

### Use descriptive and obvious names

> Optimize for readability, not writability. While it is certainly easier to write `M` than `victim`, it will cause issues down the line for other developers to figure out what exactly your code is doing.

Reviewer: A lot of people seem to fall into the trap of thinking 'because the variable is only used for one line, it's super easy to figure out its purpose without a descriptive name'

#### Don't use abbreviations
Avoid variables like C, M, and H. Prefer names like "user", "victim", "weapon", etc.

```dm
// What is M? The user? The target?
// What is A? The target? The item?
/proc/use_item(mob/M, atom/A)

// Much better!
/proc/use_item(mob/user, atom/target)
```

Unless it is otherwise obvious, try to avoid just extending variables like "C" to "carbon"--this is slightly more helpful, but does not describe the *context* of the use of the variable.

> When typecasting, keep your descriptive names to be similar to:
> ```dm
> var/mob/living/living_target = target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When typecasting, keep your names descriptive:
```dm
var/mob/living/living_target = target
var/mob/living/carbon/carbon_target = living_target
```
This could be made a little more clear

```

#### Name things as directly as possible
`was_called` is better than `has_been_called`. `notify` is better than `do_notification`.

#### Put statements and expressions in positive form
`is_flying` is better than `is_not_flying`. `late` is better than `not_on_time`.

#### Exceptions to variable names

Exceptions can be made in the case of inheriting existing procs, as it makes it so you can use named parameters, but *new* variable names must follow these standards. It is also welcome, and encouraged, to refactor existing procs to use clearer variable names.

Naming numeral iterator variables `i` is also allowed, but do remember to [Avoid unnecessary type checks and obscuring nulls in lists](#avoid-unnecessary-type-checks-and-obscuring-nulls-in-lists), and making more descriptive variables is always encouraged.

```dm
// Bad

> for (var/datum/reagent/R in reagents)

Author: :+1:

```
The `SHOULD_CALL_PARENT(TRUE)` lint should be added to ensure that overrides/child procs call the parent chain and ensure the signal is sent.

### Use descriptive and obvious names
Optimize for readability, not writability. While it is certainly easier to write `M` than `victim`, it will cause issues down the line for other developers to figure out what exactly your code is doing, even if you think the variable's purpose is obvious.

#### Don't use abbreviations
Avoid variables like C, M, and H. Prefer names like "user", "victim", "weapon", etc.

```dm
// What is M? The user? The target?
// What is A? The target? The item?
/proc/use_item(mob/M, atom/A)

// Much better!
/proc/use_item(mob/user, atom/target)
```

Unless it is otherwise obvious, try to avoid just extending variables like "C" to "carbon"--this is slightly more helpful, but does not describe the *context* of the use of the variable.

When typecasting, keep your names descriptive:
```dm
var/mob/living/living_target = target
var/mob/living/carbon/carbon_target = living_target
```

#### Name things as directly as possible
`was_called` is better than `has_been_called`. `notify` is better than `do_notification`.

> #### Put statements and expressions in positive form
> `is_flying` is better than `is_not_flying`. `late` is better than `not_on_time`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Avoid negative variable names
`is_flying` is better than `is_not_flying`. `late` is better than `not_on_time`.
This prevents double-negatives (such as `if (!is_not_flying)` which can make complex checks more difficult to parse.
```

Just a different phrasing and a bit of added context.
Feel free to discard it partially or totally if you don't feel it's more clear.

Author: I agree with the wording. I'd also like to add a rule against `if (!something) else` at some point for this same reason.

#### Exceptions to variable names

Exceptions can be made in the case of inheriting existing procs, as it makes it so you can use named parameters, but *new* variable names must follow these standards. It is also welcome, and encouraged, to refactor existing procs to use clearer variable names.

Naming numeral iterator variables `i` is also allowed, but do remember to [Avoid unnecessary type checks and obscuring nulls in lists](#avoid-unnecessary-type-checks-and-obscuring-nulls-in-lists), and making more descriptive variables is always encouraged.

```dm
// Bad
for (var/datum/reagent/R as anything in reagents)

// Good

> for (var/datum/reagent/reagent as anything in reagents)

Reviewer 3: along similar lines, perhaps make it standardized to have vars within procs be more explicit that they belong only within said proc.

ie the `reagents` var belongs on atom level, so naming for vars in this proc be named `temp_reagent` or `cached_reagent` to prevent confusion with `reagents` at a glance, which is an atom level var.

Author: I've changed it to `deadly_reagent`.
